well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so a few minutes ago
the president of the united states
donald j trump
has agreed to an orderly transition of
power on january 20th
said this in a statement
allow me to be the first of what i can
only assume
is many people to
express my suspicions
i am skeptical of of this statement
i don't believe it um
in the same statement the president said
you know this is just the beginning of
the fight to make america great
i i do not believe that he intends to
pursue an orderly and peaceful
transition of power
i think that because of today's events
he feels pressure and
he is caving to that pressure but he is
erratic
and he has been erratic he has done
nothing
for this country except philip with
division and lies
for four years
it is my belief that the president needs
to resign
be removed via the 25th amendment or be
impeached and removed
i think that it's time to remove
president
trump and get him away from the lovers
of power
i don't know that we should gamble
on his goodwill on the idea that he's
learned his lesson
that he's not going to continue to
damage the united states
the president has laid attack after
attack
against the basic principles
of american democracy the
foundational elements of this country
and now because he had his twitter
account taken away
well now he's he's grown up he's a big
boy now
i'm not sure i believe it honestly to me
having talked about the president way
too much over the last couple of years
it just seems like this is a way to get
his version of events
into the headlines because he can't use
twitter right now
because he doesn't have access to social
media
it seems as though he's still trying to
control the narrative
and seem as though he is still in
control of events
if yesterday proved anything
it proved that the president is not in
control
he doesn't understand what's going on he
does not
understand the impacts
that his words cause
i'm not sure that it's a good idea
to simply say okay we trust you now
because he's given us no reason to trust
him
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good morning